There's one tiny box I want to fix before we conclude this section in our index just fall in the store
folder in the log out action there.
There we have code to clear our local storage.
This can be executed on the server side though.
Frood a check of middleware when it runs on the server side so we should implement that check to check
if local storage even exists.
The best check here is to simply check the client environment variable.
If that is set to true then the code executes on the client so it's safe to access client side API eyes
like local storage.
So it is just a tiny addition I wanted to make to make sure that this runs correctly.